Cashify Price Extraction Automation

This Python script automates the extraction of product pricing from Cashify using Selenium WebDriver. It reads input data from a CSV file, navigates through specific steps on the website, and records the extracted price back into the CSV.

Features

Automates navigation through Cashify's valuation process.

Reads input parameters (URLs, dropdown selections, radio button values) from a CSV file.

Extracts and appends product prices to the CSV with a timestamp.

Prerequisites

Python 3.7+

Google Chrome browser

ChromeDriver (matching the installed Chrome version)

Installation

Clone the Repository:

git clone https://github.com/your-username/cashify-price-extraction.git
cd cashify-price-extraction

Install Dependencies:

pip install -r requirements.txt

Dependencies include:

pandas

selenium

Usage

Using Python Script

Prepare Input CSV: Ensure the CSV file has the following columns:

Column A: Links (URLs)

Column B: Step 2 values

Columns C-E: Dropdown selections

Columns F-G: Step 5 radio button selections

Columns H-J: Step 6 radio button selections

Run the Script:

python script_name.py

Follow Instructions:

Enter the path to the CSV file when prompted.

Log in to Cashify manually and press Enter to continue.

Output:

Extracted prices will be saved in the input CSV under a new column with the current date.

Using Executable (Windows)

Navigate to the dist folder.

Double-click on cashify.exe to run the program.

Follow on-screen instructions for CSV input and login.

Example CSV Format

Links,Step 2,Dropdown 1,Dropdown 2,Dropdown 3,Radio 1,Radio 2,Radio 3,Radio 4,Radio 5
https://www.cashify.in/product-1,Option1,Value1,Value2,Value3,Yes,No,Yes,No,Yes
https://www.cashify.in/product-2,Option2,Value4,Value5,Value6,No,Yes,No,Yes,No

Project Structure

├── dist/
│   └── cashify.exe          # Windows executable version
├── script_name.py           # Main automation script
├── requirements.txt         # Python dependencies
├── README.md                # Project documentation
└── input.csv                # Input file with URLs and options

Troubleshooting

Ensure ChromeDriver is installed and added to the system PATH.

Match the ChromeDriver version with the installed Chrome browser version.

Increase time.sleep() durations if page load issues occur.

License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Acknowledgements

Selenium Documentation

Pandas Documentation
